[Music]
hi israel21 here today i will recap a
movie called young butler young butler
is a 2021 korean sex drama film the film
tells about the story of a beautiful and
smooth boss she has a handsome male
helper who doubles as a servant but
because this beautiful master is always
thirsty and wants to be licked in the
end this servant boy wins a lot and
enjoys her bottom cave every day okay
what's the continuation of the story
batten down the hatches because we are
going in hard this is a spoiler content
video enjoy the video and let's start
the story
[Music]
the film starts with a country boy who
goes to the city to look for work this
boy arrives at the house of a beautiful
and smooth girl this girl's name is lisa
while this boy's name is john
suddenly john says that he wanted to
stay at lisa's house lisa is shocked
lisa says there is no wind there is no
rain why do you want to live in my house
i don't know you either go away you goat
then john explains that he was the son
of the gardener at lisa's house the
story is that john's father had died so
john is the successor then lisa calls
her father to make sure and sure enough
john is a substitute for his father who
has died and is going to be a servant in
the house but because lisa doesn't know
john yet she's afraid of what jon will
do later to her
so lisa refuses john to be her servant
john doesn't just give up he begs lisa
to be accepted as his servant by saying
that he's now the only breadwinner for
his family
he's even willing to do anything to earn
money from cooking sweeping mopping
floors licking lisa's bottom cave oops
goat is my fault
i mean cleaning the garden at lisa's
house
out of pity finally lisa accepts jon as
a helper as well as a servant and he
will also live in the house but on the
condition that john had to fulfill all
requests from lisa and one more thing
john should not think lewdly to
lisa the next day john starts to work as
lisa's helper he comes home from the
market with a lot of groceries
meanwhile at home
lisa is gossiping with her friend who is
also very beautiful and smooth named
jenny lisa said that she has a new
servant and is afraid of him that's why
she asked jenny to accompany her at the
house but jenny refuses because she is
busy taking care of her mother now
suddenly john comes and brings snacks
for them jenny who sees john's very
handsome face
is fascinated immediately even jenny
imagines that john is not wearing
clothes while serving her
[Music]
in the afternoon
lisa tells jon that her boyfriend would
come to the house soon so lisa tells him
to hide when her boyfriend comes because
lisa is afraid that there would be
slander where john is thought to be her
mistress john agrees suddenly the bell
rings indicating that lisa's boyfriend
has arrived john goes to hide
immediately and then lisa meets her
boyfriend named rapmon lisa and rapmon
come into the room then a very delicious
bottom cave is licking by rapmon and
they are making love together after
being satisfied rapmon says goodbye to
go home suddenly he sees some chips on
the table he is confused and then john
who is very stupid suddenly appeared
makes rapmon surprised until he falls
unconscious
[Music]
because of that john is kicked out of
the house by lisa when john is about to
leave lisa's house suddenly jenny comes
she says please don't go yet i will
persuade lisa so she can forgive you
afterward john and jenny go to the park
they look very friendly here while they
are chatting suddenly lisa comes and
gets angry again at john she says why
are you still around here goat go away
far away goat you are a damn goat jenny
who sees it asks lisa to stop scolding
john jenny also asks that jon be hired
again at lisa's house
now because jon looks very sorry finally
lisa hears advice from her best friend
so john returns to being lisa's servant
but on the condition that if jon makes a
mistake one more time then lisa will
really kick john out of her house the
next day john goes to buy medicine for
lisa when he wants to go home suddenly
he is approached by jenny and asks him
to go for a walk at first john refuses
because he has fear of being scolded by
lisa again but jenny keeps forcing him
so john goes with her
jenny takes john to drink starbucks here
they look intimate again
then when jenny comes home
jenny says that she likes john so jenny
tells john to lick her bottom cave john
won't refuse it and finally they are
making love until feeling satisfied here
jenny's sigh is really wow
after being satisfied john returns to
lisa's house there lisa's face is still
very angry john is very tired because
did making love so he goes to his room
in john's room
he tries to imagine the mountain and
bottom cave of his boss namely lisa he
is very curious about how it feels when
enjoying her bottom cave suddenly his
imagination is disturbed because out
there lisa is fighting with her
boyfriend they quarrel because rapmon's
carrot liquid came out so fast that lisa
wasn't satisfied yet here we know that
lisa is a thirsty girl she wants to make
love every day so that's why her
boyfriend's carrot is being sluggish in
the end lisa breaks up with her
boyfriend
afterward lisa goes to her room and
cries alone
suddenly john comes and tries to calm
lisa he gives her a bottle of soju that
lisa is being drunk now
because she is drunk and feeling so hot
she asks jon to stab her bottom cave
finally the boss and the servant are
making love until they are satisfied it
is really amazing scene
on the other hand it turns out that at
the same time lisa's boyfriend rapmon
and her best friend jenny are making
love too they are sneaky making love
behind lisa
after that lisa is seen daydreaming and
still confused
then jenny is seen who was not satisfied
during making love with rapmon finally
jenny goes to john's room quietly and
asks him to stab her bottom cave again
john really wins a lot of bottom caves
because jenny is very melodious and very
noisy when she sighs
finally lisa who is daydreaming just now
realizes that she is curious where the
sound of making love she just heard lisa
hears the voice from john's room and
then she goes straight in there
lisa is shocked and disappointed when
she sees her best friend and her servant
making love together so that elisa kicks
john and jenny out of her house
but now john is not worried anymore
because he has found his life partner
jenny in the end they play licking cave
and sucking carrot every day and the
movie of young butler 2021 is over
thank you for watching this video i hope
you enjoy it please give me thumbs up
and click the subscribe button see you
on another video
[Music]
you